so the next wall run technique I want to
teach you is the Tic Tac or the
horizontal wall run my last video I
taught you how to run up the wall
vertically to climb up and pull up and
I'm going to teach you how to use a wall
to clear gaps or distances or leap over
something when you don't necessarily
have to climb the actual law itself but
how you can use it to aid your jump or
leap so with any kind of wall run the
basic method is to use your momentum and
transfer it off the wall and in this one
you also use a lot of your leg strength
to jump off the wall to see how far you
can get
you can either focus your Tic Tac I'm
pushing away from the wall or pushing
along the wall so when you first
approach a wall all you're doing is
putting your foot on the wall and
pushing off it's that easy you want to
make sure you get a feel of the wall for
the grip and how your shoe works with it
because that will help aid you in how
you do the tic tac as you get
comfortable with doing the Tic Tac from
just blocking up to it pushing off the
wall you can then start to add a little
bit more momentum where you start going
into the wall a little bit faster a
little bit faster step by step because
ultimately with the proper technique the
more momentum you have the higher you
will be able to get or the farther you
will be able to get as you start getting
comfortable with your Tic Tac you can
begin implementing objects to jump over
here I found this trashcan that I set up
to do just a basic tic tac over if you
can't find any objects then maybe find a
broom and have a friend hold it up for
you against the wall that way if you do
kick the up the object you're not going
to crash or burn on the obstacle I can
also pull the obstacle away from the
wall so that I can attempt to jump over
it from a different direction as you
learn how to incorporate more speed into
your Tic Tac you can begin incorporating
the wall run with multiple steps whether
it be two steps or three steps Tic Tac
can also be used to overcome a high
obstacle where it becomes almost a
combination of a tic tac and a wall
if you like learning parkour Assassin's
Creed style please subscribe and be sure
to share this with your friends and like
this video to let me know that you want
to see more tutorials like this one